You know what they say...
"You're out of luck
until you've gone duck."
Yondu!
Come on down!
After going around
years in circles...
with this woman I
end up marrying.
I said, "Aleta,
I love you, girl...
"but you're losing your mind!"
Then again, she's
always been that way.
I could never trust her.
You know?
Stakar.
It's been some time.
It seems like this establishment
is the wrong kind
of disreputable.
Sir! Stakar!
There's a hundred
Ravager factions.
You lost the business of
99 of them by serving one.
Please, sir. Please!
Get away from me.
You can go to hell then!
I don't give a damn
what you think of me!
So what are you
following us for?
Because you're gonna
listen to what I gotta say!
I don't gotta listen to nothing!
You betrayed the code!
Ravagers don't deal in kids.
I told you before!
I didn't know what was going on!
You didn't know because
you didn't want to know
because it made you rich.
I demand a seat at the table!
I wear these flames,
same as you.
You may dress like us...
but you'll never hear
the Horns of Freedom
when you die, Yondu.
And the Colors of Ogord...
will never flash
over your grave.
If you think...
I take pleasure
in exiling you...
you're wrong.
You broke all our hearts.
Ah, pathetic.
First, Quill betrays us...
and Yondu just
lets him go scot-free.
We followed him
because he was the one...
who wasn't afraid to do
what needed to be done.
Seems he's goin' soft.
If he's so soft, why
are you whispering?
You know I'm right, Kraglin.
You best be very careful
what you say about our captain.
Who the hell is that?
Yondu Udonta...
I have a proposition for you.
Is this your king? Huh?
Come on, Brother!
No!
The Queen Mother
and Shuri, they are safe?
Yes.
We should get to
them immediately.
What?
Though my heart is with you.
We cannot turn over
our nation to a man
who showed up
here only hours ago.
He is of royal blood.
He killed T'Challa!
In ritual combat.
Does that really matter?
You are the greatest
warrior Wakanda has.
Help me overthrow him
before he becomes too strong.
Overthrow?
Nakia!
I'm not a spy who can come
and go as they so choose!
I am loyal to that throne,
no matter who sits upon it.
What are you loyal to?
I loved him.
I loved my country, too.
Then you serve your country.
No. I save my country.
What's wrong?
The king is dead.
Come with me, unless
you want to join him.
First Baba.
And now my brother.
Mama, we didn't
even get to bury him.
It's me. Nakia. Who is this man?
He's a friend of T'Challa's.
He saved my life.
Where's Okoye?
Okoye is not coming.
She and the Dora Milaje
will serve the new king.
Wait here.
What has happened
to our Wakanda?
Allow the Heart-Shaped Herb...
to give you the powers
of the Black Panther...
and take you to
the Ancestral Plane.
What did I tell you about
going into my things?
Hmm?
What did you find?
Your home.
I gave you a key hoping
that you might see it someday.
Yes. The sunsets there
are the most
beautiful in the world.
But I fear you still
may not be welcome.
Why?
They will say you are lost.
But I'm right here.
No tears for me?
Everybody dies.
It's just life around here.
Well, look at what I have done.
I should've taken
you back long ago.
Instead, we are
both abandoned here.
Well, maybe your home
is the one that's lost.
That's why they can't find us.
Breathe! Breathe,
My King, breathe.
Breathe. Breathe. Breathe.
The Heart-Shaped Herb did that?
This all of it?
Yes. So when it comes
time for another king,
we will be ready.
Another king?
Yeah, go ahead
and burn all that.
My King, we cannot do that.
It is our tradition...
When I tell you to do something,
I mean that shit.
Burn it all!
It's come to my attention
that you don't know who I am.
I am Hela, Odin's firstborn...
the commander of
the Legions of Asgard...
the rightful heir to the throne,
and the Goddess of Death.
My father is dead.
As are the princes.
You're welcome.
We were once the seat
of absolute power in the cosmos.
Our supremacy was unchallenged.
Yet Odin stopped at Nine Realms.
Our destiny is to
rule over all others.
And I am here to
restore that power.
Kneel before me...
and rise into the ranks
of my great conquest.
Whoever you are...
whatever you've done,
surrender now!
Or we will show you no mercy.
Whoever I am?
Did you listen to a word I said?
This is your last warning!
I thought you'd be
happy to see me.
Fine.
Charge!
Oh, I've missed this.
Still, it's a shame.
Good soldiers
dying for nothing...
all because they
couldn't see the future.
Sad.
Oh, look, still alive.
Change of heart?
Go back to whatever
cave you crept out of.
You evil demoness!
Let's go see my palace.
I love this song.
Huh?
There!
Ah...
Ain't so tough now
without all your toys...
are you?
Move!
Crap.
Hey there, rat!
How's it going, you blue idiot?
Not so bad.
We got ourselves a
pretty good little gig here.
This golden gal with quite
a high opinion of herself...
has offered us a large sum to
deliver you and your pals over to her...
because she wants
to kill y'all.
Your friend...
There's too many of them.
He needs my help.
If you care about him...
you need to get me
out of these bonds.
They are going to kill him!
I tell you, it was
pretty easy to find you.
I put a tracer on
your ship back there...
during the war over Xandar.
Give me your word
you won't hurt Groot...
and I'll tell you where
the batteries are.
Lucky for you,
my word don't mean squat.
Otherwise, I'd actually
hand you over.
Otherwise, you'd what?
We'll take them batteries.
They're worth what?
A quarter mill on the open market?
That Priestess
offered us a million.
A quarter is only
one third of that!
A quarter ain't a third.
A quarter is 25.
No.
We can't even buy a
pair of boots with 25 units.
Enough!
The point is, we
ain't stupid enough
to help kill the
Guardians of the Galaxy!
The whole dang Nova
Corps would be on us.
That ain't right!
I just gotta say it this
one time, Captain.
No matter how many
times Quill betrays you...
you protect him like none
of the rest of us much matter!
Yeah!
I'm the one what
sticks up for you!
Take it easy, Kraglin.
Damn straight, lad.
He's gone soft.
Suppose it's time for
a change in leadership.
Put your damn guns down!
Whoa! Whoa!
There must be some kind of
peaceful resolution to this, fellas.
Or even a violent one
where I'm standing over there.
Well, hello, boys.
It's not ripe.
Does no one remember me?
Has no one been
taught our history?
Look at these lies.
Goblets and garden parties?
Peace treaties?
Odin...
proud to have it...
ashamed of how he got it.
We were unstoppable.
I was his weapon in the conquest
that built Asgard's empire.
One by one, the
realms became ours.
But then, simply because
my ambition outgrew his...
he banished me, caged me,
locked me away like an animal.
Before that, Asgard's
warriors were honored...
their bodies buried as heroes
beneath this very palace.
- Odin's treasures.
- Fake.
Most of the stuff
in here is fake.
Or weak.
Smaller than I
thought it would be.
That's not bad.
But this...
The Eternal Flame.
Want to see what true
power really looks like?
Fenris, my darling, what
have they done to you?
With the Eternal Flame,
you are reborn.
I've missed you.
I've missed you all.
You know, where I'm from...
when black folks
started revolutions,
they never had the firepower...
or the resources to
fight their oppressors.
Where was Wakanda?
Hmm?
Yeah, all that ends today.
We got spies embedded
in every nation on Earth.
Already in place.
I know how colonizers think.
So we're gonna use their
own strategy against 'em.
We're gonna send vibranium
weapons out to our War Dogs.
They'll arm oppressed
people all over the world...
so they can finally rise
up and kill those in power.
And their children.
And anyone else
who takes their side.
It's time they know
the truth about us!
We're warriors!
The world's gonna start over,
and this time, we're on top.
The sun will never set
on the Wakandan empire.
Wakanda has
survived for so long...
by fighting when only
absolutely necessary.
Wakanda survived in
the past this way, yes.
But the world is
changing, General.
Elders, it is getting smaller.
The outside world
is catching up...
and soon it will
be the conquerors
or the conquered.
I'd rather be the former.
You heard your orders.
Let's get to it.
So where are we going again?
We're taking the
Heart-Shaped Herb
to Jabariland.
Heart-Shaped Herb?
What is that?
It gives whoever takes
it heightened abilities.
It's what made
T'Challa so strong.
Nakia.
I don't like this.
The Herb belongs to us.
We may be creating a
bigger monster with M'Baku.
Nakia, you should
take it yourself.
I am a spy with no army.
I wouldn't stand a chance.
We'll go.
Oh, boy.
Oh, shit.
Look down. Stay calm.
Shuri.
Look down.
This is mutiny!
You're scum!
Oh!
Captain!
Help me! Please!
You're the one what
killed those men...
by leading them
down the wrong path.
Because you're weak.
And stupid!
It's time for the Ravagers...
to rise once again to
glory with a new captain...
Taserface!
I'm sorry. Your name is...
It's Taserface?
That's right.
Do you shoot tasers
out of your face?
It's metaphorical!
Yeah!
For what?
For it is a name
what strikes fear...
into the hearts of
anyone what hears it.
Okay.
Okay...
whatever you say.
You shut up.
You're next.
Udonta, I have waited
a long time to do...
What?
I'm sorry. I am so sorry!
I just keep imagining you
waking up in the morning, sir...
looking in the mirror
and then in all seriousness
saying to yourself...
"You know what would
be a really kick-ass name?"
"Taserface!"
That's how I hear
you in my head!
What was your second choice?
Scrotum Hat?
New plan.
We're killing you first.
Well, dying is certainly better
than having to
live an entire life...
as a moronic shitbag who
thinks Taserface is a cool name.
That's enough killing for today.
She's the daughter of Thanos.
I thought you were the
biggest sadist in the galaxy.
That was when Daddy
was paying my bills.
The Priestess wants
to kill the fox herself.
And he has bounties on his
head in at least 12 Kree provinces.
I assure you...
I am not as easy a mark as an
old man without his magic stick...
or a talking woodland beast.
I want 10% of the take...
and a couple more things.
We got a whole box of hands...
- if that one don't work out.
- It is fine.
You think them Kree is
gonna execute the captain?
The Kree consider themselves merciful.
It will be painless.
Well, here it is.
It's the best ship we got.
Location of Ego's
planet in the nav.
We'll wire you the
10% once we's paid.
What are you gonna
do with your share?
As a child, my father
would have Gamora and me
battle one another in training.
Every time my
sister prevailed...
my father would replace a
piece of me with machinery...
claiming he wanted
me to be her equal.
But she won...
again and again, and again,
never once refraining.
So after I murder my sister...
I will buy a warship
with every conceivable
instrument of death.
I will hunt my
father like a dog,
and I will tear
him apart slowly...
piece by piece...
until he knows some semblance of
the profound and unceasing pain...
I know every single day.
Yeah.
I was talking about,
like, a pretty necklace.
Or a nice hat.
Something to make the other
girls go, "Ooh, that's nice!"
Anyways, happy trails.
What is that noise?
The common folk aren't
exactly falling in line.
There's a resistance trying
to knock down the front gates.
Tell me about yourself, Skurge.
Well, me dad was a stonemason.
Me mum was...
Right, yeah, I'll
just stop you there.
What I meant was...
what's your ambition?
I just want a chance
to prove myself.
Recognition.
When I was young...
every great king
had an executioner.
Not just to execute people...
but also to
execute their vision.
But mainly to execute people.
Still, it was a great honor.
I was Odin's executioner.
And you shall be my executioner.
Let's begin our conquest.
Skurge, where's the sword?
That sword is the key
to opening the Bifrost.
Those people you mentioned,
the ones who aren't
falling into line...
round them up.
Excuse me.
Sorry about that.
These bloody things
are everywhere.
Come on.
You'll be safe here.
We deliver you to the
Kree in the morning.
Neither one of you will
last much longer after that.
Okay, Taserface.
Hey, tell the other
guys we said...
"Hi," Taserface!
What about this little plant?
Can I smash it with a rock?
No, Gef.
It's too adorable to kill.
Take it to the tailor.
No offense, but your employees
are a bunch of jerks.
I was a Kree battle slave for
20 years when Stakar freed me.
He offered me a place
with the Ravagers.
He said all I needed to do
was adhere to the code.
But I was young...
and greedy, and stupid.
Like you stealing
those batteries.
That was mostly Drax.
Me and Stakar and
the other captains...
we weren't so different
from you and your friends.
The only family I ever had.
When I broke the code...
they exiled me.
This is what I deserve.
Slow down, drama queen.
You might deserve
this, but I don't.
We gotta get outta here.
Where's Quill?
He went off with his old man.
Ego? Yeah.
It's a day for dumbass names.
You're smiling. And for a
second, I got a warm feeling.
But then it was ruined by
those disgusting-ass teeth.
You like a professional
asshole or what?
Pretty much a pro.
Why didn't you deliver Quill
to Ego like you promised?
He was skinny.
Could fit into places we couldn't.
Good for thievin'.
Uh-huh.
I got an idea on
how to get outta here.
But we're gonna
need your little friend.
Mascot, mascot, mascot...
Little fellow's all worked up!
He needs a drink!
Look how cute it is
when it's all riled up.
He's goddang precious!
Psst!
Hey, twig!
Come here.
Come on.
Aw, man...
what did they do to you?
Hey, you wanna
help us get outta here?
There's something I need you
to get, and bring back to me.
In the captain's quarters,
there's a prototype fin...
the thing I wore on my head.
There's a drawer next to the bunk.
It's in that. It's red.
You got it?
That's my underwears.
Yeah, I was pretty sure he didn't
know what you were talkin' about.
You have to explain
it more careful.
It's a prototype fin.
That's an orloni.
It's a fin, Groot.
You explain it this time.
All right.
That's Vorker's eye.
He takes it out when he sleeps.
Go. Look again.
But leave the eye here.
Why?
He's gonna wake up tomorrow...
and he's not gonna know...
where his eye is!
That's a desk.
We told you it was this big.
Tell me you guys have a
refrigerator somewhere...
with a bunch of
severed human toes.
Okay. Then let's just
agree to never discuss this.
The drawer you wanna
open has this symbol on it.
Okay?
What? No!
He thinks you want him
to wear it as a hat.
That's not what I said!
I am Groot.
He's relieved you
don't want him to.
I am Groot. He hates hats.
I am Groot.
On anyone, not just himself.
One minute you think someone
has a weird-shaped head...
the next minute
it's just because
you realize part of
that head is the hat.
That's why you don't like hats?
This is an important
conversation right now?
That ain't it.
I didn't mean to do a mutiny.
They killed all my friends.
Get the third quadrant
ready for release.
One more thing.
You got any clones of
Quill's old music on the ship?
Ah.
He's got it!
Yondu's got the fin!
Go!
Down there!
Oh!
You maniac.
The whole ship's gonna blow.
Not the whole ship.
Who is this?
I am sending you the
coordinates for Yondu's ship.
Release the quadrant!
Aye, Captain!
I only ask one thing.
That your High Priestess...
tell him the name of the
man what sealed his fate.
Taserface!
Where to, Captain?
Ego.
No, boy!
It ain't healthy for
a mammalian body
to hop more than
50 jumps at a time.
I know that.
We are about to do 700!
My son...
was murdered in ritual combat.
- Were the odds fair?
- Yes, but...
So it was less a
murder than a defeat.
- Do not rub our noses in it!
- Silence!
I make the
pronouncements here, girl.
Look, uh, Your Highness,
the new king is a U.S...
The new king...
You cannot talk!
One more word,
and I will feed
you to my children.
I'm kidding. We are vegetarians.
Great Gorilla M'Baku...
this is why we are here.
To offer this to you.
An outsider sits on our throne.
Only you can help us stop him.
Come with me.
Impossible!
Is he breathing?
He's in a coma.
Barely clinging to life.
One of our fishermen found him
at the edge of the river border.
He brought him to me.
Why do you have him in the snow?
It is the only thing keeping him
from joining the ancestors.
We need to get him to my lab.
I can heal him there.
Take him. He'll be
dead in seconds.
Nakia, the Herb.
I call upon the ancestors.
I call upon Bast.
I am here with my son, T'Challa.
Heal him.
We must bury him.
Cover him. Cover him!
Okay.
Wake up, T'Challa.
The time has come
for you to come home...
and be reunited with me.
Why?
Why didn't you
bring the boy home?
Why, Baba?
He...
He was the truth
I chose to omit.
You were wrong to abandon him.
I chose my people.
I chose Wakanda.
Our future depended...
You were wrong!
All of you were wrong!
To turn your backs
on the rest of the world!
We let the fear of our discovery
stop us from
doing what is right!
No more!
I cannot stay here with you.
I cannot rest while
he sits on the throne.
He is a monster
of our own making.
I must take the
mantle back. I must!
I must right these wrongs.